CHRIS:
Now, remember, Cream.
You, too, Cheese.
Stay inside while I'm gone,
okay?
Okay.
Chao!
I'll see you later.
I don't want to stay inside.
I want to go outside and play.
[Cream giggling]
That sounds like
Cream and Cheese outside.
I wonder what
she's doing out there, Amy.
I bet Cream's out there
gathering some flowers.
Hmm?
She knows we're supposed
to stay inside
while Chris is at school.
What's so important about going
outside to pick flowers?
Oh.
[Humming]
Hi, Cream.
What are you doing there?
I'm going to surprise my mom
by making her a crown
out of flowers.
I guess she misses her mom.
Of course she does.
I just wish we could do
something to cheer her up.
Hmm?
Hmm.
Huh?
Sonic?
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
It's marvelous to be back
in the kitchen again.
On my movie sets, the chefs
won't let me cook a thing.
Here are your
buttermilk pancakes, dear.
Enjoy.
Mmm.
Oh, my!
I smell something burning!
[Chuckles]
Oh, Ella,
it's so good to be home again.
I have an idea.
Let's have a big party.
Party?
Yes, a dinner party tonight.
We can all dress up.
I'm sure Ella can prepare
something scrumptious.
A party's a great idea!
Do you think you could invite
your brother Sam,
since he's my favorite uncle?
Of course, darling,
you can have anything you want.
Anything at all
for my adorable baby boy.
If we're having a party tonight,
this calls
for heavy-duty cleaning.
Time to clear some clutter!
[Laughs]
Wow, a party.
This is great!
I love parties.
A party?
Yeah, my mom wants us
to have fun while she's home.
My uncle's coming
for the party, too.
The racer?
Yeah, he's the coolest.
And he's the leader
of the S-Team!
[Chuckles]
This crown doesn't
have enough flowers.
[Sighs]
We better pick more.
Chao!
Ooh!
Maybe I can help
decorate for the party.
[Squeals]
[Bell ringing]
GIRL:
What are you doing after school?
Want to go to the mall?
Bye.
Hey, Chris.
Huh?
I haven't been
teaching here long,
but I just wanted to say
"thanks."
I'm really lucky to have
so many intelligent
and talented kids in my class.
You kids are terrific
and I want to know
all of you better,
so I'm coming to visit you
and your family later today.
I can't wait to meet your
mom and get her autograph.
Hmm.
Hey, I'm home!
How was school today,
Master Christopher?
It was pretty good,
Mr. Tanaka.
Oh, Chris, darling, you're home.
I hope it's okay,
but my teacher Mr. Stewart's
coming over today to visit.
And it sounds like he's a really
big fan of your movies, Mom.
That reminds me.
What am I going to wear?
I should've had the studio
send over a gown.
GRANDPA:
I feel sorry for dogs.
How do they stand it?
This collar's killing me.
How come you're wearing
those clothes, Grandpa?
Mr. Tanaka said I couldn't
wear my lab coat to the party.
I don't see why not.
Hey, Grandpa, when you see Sonic
and the others,
could you ask them
to stay out of sight
until Mr. Stewart
and my uncle go away?
I know that Amy and Tails
are up in my room,
but I haven't seen Sonic
or Cream and Cheese all day.
[Squealing]
Aah!
It's Cream and Cheese.
Is something wrong?
[Both shouting]
Nothing to see here!
What's the matter with you two?
Everything's okay here, Mom.
You'd better hurry up
and get ready.
Me and Grandpa will take care
of the rest of the decorating.
But there's plenty of time.
But you know how time flies
when you're putting on makeup.
Right, Grandpa?
Yes!
Don't forget all of the food
that has to be prepared, too.
[Chuckles]
Well, I'll go see
how Ella's doing in the kitchen.
[Squealing]
What are you two doing here,
Cream?
[Gasps]
Mrs. Thorndyke decorates
like a little kid.
[Chuckles]
Cream, I asked you
to stay upstairs
so nobody would see you.
That room is boring.
We only wanted to help you
get ready for your party.
MR. TANAKA:
Master Chris understands.
It is very thoughtful of you
to help us get ready, Cream.
Mr. Tanaka,
you know about these guys?
Of course.
You knew all along.
Do you think you could help
me and Grandpa
keep this a secret
for right now?
I will.
Thanks a lot.
Hold on!
They're gone!
Cream?
Cheese?
I wonder where
they wandered off to.
MRS. THORND YKE:
Ella!
Oh!
What?
I can't find my green Versace!
You didn't send it
to the cleaners, did you?
No, it should be there.
It's not here!
I'm on my way.
[Grumbling]
Wow!
Look at all that food!
It smells so good.
Chao!
Hmm.
We can help, Cheese.
[Both screaming]
[Gasps]
- Hey, Cream, are you...
- [Ella screaming]
Aah!
Cream! Cheese!
Ella!
Hey, are you okay?
[Sighs]
My dinner is a disaster!
[Whistles]
This is cool.
This should do,
at least for my entrance.
[Telephone rings]
Interruptions.
Hello?
What's that?
The starring role?
I'll catch the next plane.
Oh, actually I'm having a little
party for my son tonight.
I'm afraid I'll have to leave
tomorrow morning.
Oh, I didn't realize.
We have to shoot on location
first thing tomorrow morning.
I know.
You can't put a $100-million
production on hold for a party.
I'll leave immediately.
Goodbye.
Why does it always
have to happen this way?
I don't even have time to spend
with my little boy.
I may be a great actress,
but I'm a terrible mother.
Please forgive me, Christopher.
[Sobbing]
[Sighs]
Huh? Yeah!
Mmm.
Cream, where are you?
Hey, Cheese?
Ah!
Maybe they went back
to the lab with Grandpa.
Chris?
Oh, the poor boy!
Oh, dear!
Ma'am, I've looked all over,
but I'm afraid I couldn't
find Chris anywhere.
Ella, please tell
Christopher how sorry I am
and apologize to Mr. Stewart
and my brother.
They'll understand.
You take care, Mrs. Thorndyke.
Call me if Chris needs anything.
Certainly, Mrs. Thorndyke.
Cream?
Cheese?
Huh?
What?
They're not here?
Weren't they with you?
They're wandering around
someplace,
and Mr. Stewart's gonna
be here any minute now!
What am I gonna do
if he sees them?
Stay calm.
Let's all split up.
Each one of us will search
a different part of the house
until we find them.
AMY AND TAILS:
Okay!
[Doorbell rings]
I'm Chris' homeroom teacher
Mr. Stewart.
Welcome, sir.
We've been expecting you.
Hi, come in.
How are you, Chris?
Sit down.
Do you like it?
Mrs. Thorndyke
isn't only a great actress
but an artist, too!
[Laughs]
Well, it's great.
I can't wait to meet
Chris' mother
and give her my compliments.
I'm very sorry, Mr. Stewart,
but just before you arrived,
she was offered
an important movie part
and she had to leave
right away to start filming.
[Gasps]
No way!
Oh, well, that is too bad.
I was really looking forward
to meeting her in person.
Hmm.
I guess
I'll offer these to you, then.
Why, thank you, Mr. Stewart!
What beautiful roses!
I'll put them in some...
[Crash]
Hello?
What was that?
Hmm.
GRANDPA:
[Groaning]
[Chuckles]
Sorry, Ella.
I was just leaning out
the window,
and I fell out
and knocked the pots down.
I don't know what
you think you're up to,
but you'd better
be on your best behavior
because Chris' teacher is here.
Oh!
I better come in and say "hi."
Sir, why can't you just use the
front door like everybody else?
One way in is as good
as another.
Oh!
What's the matter, Chris?
Why did you scream?
It's nothing!
Well, my, this certainly
is an extraordinary painting.
[Gasps]
Thanks, Sonic.
Guess what.
Sonic went out and picked
a whole bunch of pretty flowers
just for me.
You can have some, too,
if you want.
No, I can't.
Is this little animal talking?
Talking animals.
What a joke.
Yes, that's some joke.
Hmm.
Love this painting.
Thanks for finding my
stuffed-animal toy for me, Ella.
Can I have it back now?
Toy?
Look, I heard
that thing talking,
and nobody's going
to convince me otherwise.
Pretend you're a toy.
You'd better quit before I do!
SAM:
Hey, hey!
Ha, ha!
Hey, where's the party?
Uncle Sam,
this is my teacher Mr. Stewart.
A pleasure.
I understand you're involved
in the Highway Patrol somehow.
I don't like to brag, but
I'm the leader of the S-Team.
That statement
is only half correct.
Really?
My uncle drives fast!
No other driver's
quick enough to catch him.
That's why he's called
the Speed King.
You came up with the name
yourself, didn't you?
Sure.
A little self-promotion
never hurt anybody.
Let's cut the chitchat
and get this party moving.
It's too slow!
And your mouth is too fast.
Ha! I can't help it
that I like speed.
I've always been fast.
I even beat the doctor
to the delivery room.
I was the only kid in town
who had a 5-speed transmission
in my baby carriage.
I admit it.
I like living in the fast lane.
Even when
I'm in the supermarket,
no matter how many items I have,
I use the express checkout.
I can't even walk my dog.
I make him run.
[Laughs]
There's only one guy
who's faster.
I never saw anything move
that fast.
But don't you worry.
I'll catch up with him some day.
Really?
What did he look like?
It's weird, but he looked like
a blue hedgehog.
He even had a spike.
Huh?
Hey!
There he is!
Huh?
There!
Did you see?
It was the blue hedgehog
I was talking about!
Sorry, I was just
admiring this painting.
I didn't see anything, did you?
Perhaps your eyes were
playing tricks on you.
But I'm telling you, I saw it.
You saw it, too,
Chris, didn't you?
Mnh-mnh.
I saw it!
My eyes don't lie.
That thing waved at me
and ran off.
You know, they thought
I was crazy, too,
when I heard
that animal talking.
Animal talking?
I didn't hear it say anything,
but I'm sure it could
understand what I said.
We both saw the same creature.
That proves that I'm not crazy.
The animal I heard
is over there.
You know, I'm sorry
Mom can't be here for the party,
but she got a phone call and
had to leave to make a movie.
I was pretty mad.
Mr. Stewart was looking
forward to meeting her,
but she went away
before he even got here.
That was pretty rude, huh?
Well, that sounds like
my sister, all right.
Please forgive me, Christopher.
[Sobbing]
You're wrong!
Your mom felt very badly
that she had to go,
and she tried to find you
to say "goodbye".
You're lucky.
You get to talk to your mom
all the time on the phone.
I can't do that!
Ahh!
[Sobbing]
Well I hope you enjoyed that.
I've been rehearsing my
ventriloquism act for weeks now.
And if I do say so myself,
I'm not half bad.
Ah, yes,
this painting is stunning.
Cream!
Come here, Cream!
I'm seeing more of them now!
Hey, Ella,
would you care to dance?
Oh!
Well, Uncle Sam,
I hope you can come
and visit me again.
Yeah, but you know me, Chris.
It'll have to be a quick visit.
I guess
I've seen and heard enough.
[Laughing]
Chris, I'd better get going.
I have homework to grade.
Please give your mother
my regards
and tell her I hope
we get to meet soon.
I'm sorry, Mr. Stewart.
Later, boys.
See you in my rearview mirror.
[Sighs]
Huh?
Oh, dear!
I'm working too hard.
I'm hearing things.
Mr. Chris, would it not be wise
to let Ella in on your
little secret, too?
He's right.
Things would be a lot easier
if she were in on it, too.
Sure, okay.
Hey, Ella?
Listen.
It's like this.
So the only nutty thing
in my kitchen is my pecan pie.
What a relief!
I'm so happy that you don't
have to hide from me anymore.
Yeah, we can be friends,
and I can help you out
in the kitchen.
You're such a dear.
I'm sure your mother
misses you terribly.
Please don't worry.
Sonic and my friends will find
a way to get us all back home,
and you can take care
of me till then.
I will, Cream.
I will.
Thank you, Ella.
Chao!
Now that Ella knows we're here,
we can have the run
of this place.
Sure.
Huh? Chris?
Huh?
What's wrong?
Why are you sad?
I didn't mean it
when I complained about my mom
missing the party,
but Cream got really angry.
I didn't even think about
how bad she misses her mother.
I just hope she doesn't
stay mad at me.
Don't worry.
It'll be okay.
[Cream humming]
Hello, Chris.
I made this specially for you.
Do you want to put it on?
Sure.
Wow, thank you.
You can wear it to school
and tell all your friends
that I made it for you.
Now I'm gonna go give
Ella her flowers.
Way to go, buddy.
Cream will only give
her flower crowns
to the people
who she really likes a lot.
Like you.
Really?
You think she likes me?
You bet!
[Giggles]